Update domain and theme customization docs for SCIM and SSO (#77)
scalekit-inc/docs: docs/sso/domain-and-theme-customization.mdx

</Subtitle>

Customizing your Admin Portal ensures that the interface aligns with your application's brand identity. Follow this guide to update your custom domain, upload your logo, adjust colors, and set a favicon—all of which create a seamless user experience.

## Custom Domain

Custom domains enable you to offer a fully branded experience. By default, Scalekit assigns a unique endpoint URL, but you can replace it via CNAME configuration. This new URL becomes the base path for:

- The Admin Portal where your customers recognize your brand.
- SSO and SCIM configuration details for setting up connections to Identity Providers.
- The Scalekit REST API Endpoints used by your applications.

**Example:**

| Before                                                               | After                                                           |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <SimpleCode>https:<span></span>//yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>                | <SimpleCode>https:<span></span>//auth.yourapp.com</SimpleCode>                |

:::info

> - **Integrations:** All existing integrations remain unaffected by the new CNAME URL if they were configured before the change with previous configuration.
> - **Environment:** CNAME configuration is available only for production environments.
> - **SSL:** After successful CNAME configuration, an SSL certificate for your custom domain is automatically provisioned.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your custom domain is set up, here’s what you need to know:
- **Integrations:** All existing integrations remain unaffected by the new CNAME URL if they were configured before the change with the previous configuration.
- **Environment:** CNAME configuration is available only for production environments.
- **SSL:** After a successful CNAME configuration, an SSL certificate is automatically provisioned for your custom domain.
:::
```

### Add a CNAME Record

> To set up your custom domain:
> 
> - Follow the Custom Domains steps in the **Customization > Custom Domain** section in your Dashboard.
> - Add a CNAME record in your domain’s DNS settings. For example, if your project’s default domain is <SimpleCode>https:<span></span>//yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>, then:
>   - Create a CNAME record for <SimpleCode>auth.yourapp.com</SimpleCode> that resolves to <SimpleCode>yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>.
>   - Use the recommended TTL value to ensure changes propagate quickly.
>   - Verify that no extra domain names are appended by your DNS registrar. If extra parts are added (e.g., <SimpleCode>auth.yourapp.com.yourapp.com</SimpleCode>), remove the redundant portion by using only the appropriate prefix (e.g., <SimpleCode>auth</SimpleCode>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up your custom domain:

- Go to **Customization > Custom Domain** in your Scalekit Dashboard and follow the setup steps
- Add a CNAME record in your domain’s DNS settings. For example, if your project’s default domain is <SimpleCode>https:<span></span>//yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>, then:
  - Create a CNAME record for <SimpleCode>auth.yourapp.com</SimpleCode> that resolves to <SimpleCode>yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>.
  - Use the recommended TTL value to ensure changes propagate quickly.
  - Check that your DNS registrar doesn’t append extra domain names. If redundant parts are added (e.g., <SimpleCode>auth.yourapp.com.yourapp.com</SimpleCode>), update it to use only the appropriate prefix (e.g., <SimpleCode>auth</SimpleCode>).
```

## Custom Theme

> Personalize your Admin Portal further by matching it to your brand. The following elements can be customized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize your admin portal further to align with your brand by configuring the following elements:```

- **Logo:** Upload and display your company logo.

> - **Colors:** Adjust the accent color to harmonize with your brand palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Colors:** Adjust the accent color to align with your brand palette.
```

> - **Favicon:** Set a favicon that represents your brand identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Favicon:** Set a favicon that represents your brand.
```

These customization options help ensure that the Admin Portal feels like an integrated extension of your application.

:::note

> If you need to disable the option to change the enterprise connection or disable an already enabled connection, please contact support at support@scalekit.com.

Reviewer 2: I didn't understand the context or why this is needed.

| <SimpleCode>https:<span></span>//yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>                | <SimpleCode>https:<span></span>//auth.yourapp.com</SimpleCode>                |

:::info
Once your custom domain is set up, here’s what you need to know:
- **Integrations:** All existing integrations remain unaffected by the new CNAME URL if they were configured before the change with the previous configuration.
- **Environment:** CNAME configuration is available only for production environments.
- **SSL:** After a successful CNAME configuration, an SSL certificate is automatically provisioned for your custom domain.
:::

### Add a CNAME Record

To set up your custom domain:

- Go to **Customization > Custom Domain** in your Scalekit Dashboard and follow the setup steps
- Add a CNAME record in your domain’s DNS settings. For example, if your project’s default domain is <SimpleCode>https:<span></span>//yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>, then:
  - Create a CNAME record for <SimpleCode>auth.yourapp.com</SimpleCode> that resolves to <SimpleCode>yourapp.scalekit.com</SimpleCode>.
  - Use the recommended TTL value to ensure changes propagate quickly.

>   - Check that your DNS registrar doesn’t append extra domain names. If redundant parts are added (e.g., <SimpleCode>auth.yourapp.com.yourapp.com</SimpleCode>), update it to use only the appropriate prefix (e.g., <SimpleCode>auth</SimpleCode>).

Reviewer 2: This also needs rephrasing - I recommend the following:
1. Go to your domain’s DNS Registrar.
2. Add a record to your DNS settings, selecting CNAME as the record type.
3. Copy the Name (this is your desired subdomain) from Scalekit Dashboard and paste it in the Name/Label/Host field in your DNS Registrar.
4. Copy the Value from Scalekit Dashboard and paste it in the Destination/Target/Value field in your DNS Registrar.
5. Save your record in DNS Registrar. CNAME record changes can take up to 72 hours to go into effect, but typically they happen much sooner.
6. In Scalekit Dashboard, click Verify. 
7. If there are any issues in the CNAME verification step, please check your DNS configuration to ensure that all the values are apporpriately configured.
8. If the CNAME record changes are in effect - we will automaticaly provision a new SSL certificate for the CNAME domain which can take upto 24 hours. 
9. You can click on "Check" button in Scalekit Dashboard to complete the status for the SSL Certification. If the SSL Certificate provisioning takes longer than 24 hours, please reach out to us at support@scalekit.com.

Reviewer 2: You can also add support links to popular DNS Registrars like below:

https://www.godaddy.com/en-in/help/add-a-cname-record-19236
https://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/9646/2237/how-to-create-a-cname-record-for-your-domain/
